So let's talk about tuples.
All of the common sequence
operations can be performed on tuples. We
have looked at a table of those
operations, earlier, and let's just bring
that back on the screen again. So these
ones here. Alright, so those there - all
of those can be performed on tuples.
Alright, so let's have a look at some
tuples to see what they look like. I'm
gonna shoot back to IntelliJ, and we're gonna
create a new file here. We're going to
call this one tuples_intro.py.
Alright, so I'm gonna start by typing t equals, in
double quotes, a comma double quotes,
or in double quotes, b comma, then within
double quotes, c. Then on line 2, I'm going to
print parentheses t. So run the program,
and the output looks very much like a
list. Notice, though, that it prints in
parentheses, instead of square brackets,
and that's how you can tell that you're
dealing with a tuple, rather than a list.
In fact, you can use parentheses when
defining your tuples. I'll enclose our
tuple in parentheses, like so.
Running the program, we get exactly the same
output. The program worked before
without the parentheses, so obviously, they're
optional. Now there are a couple of times,
though, when you must use parentheses. To
keep things simple and avoid having yet
another thing to remember, you may want
to always use parentheses around your tuples.
I'll admit that my style has been not to
use them, unless they're necessary, so
don't be confused if you see an
example that doesn't use them. In fact, I may
slip one or two in without parentheses.
You will find, though, code on-line  that doesn't use parentheses
around tuples, so it certainly won't hurt to be
familiar when reading it. Alright, so
let's see when parentheses are needed.
So we've already seen that we can pass
several arguments to the print function.
Let's open up moreprint.py again. So
I'm going to delete the last line - that's
because we're not interested in
separators for this example.
So on line four, we're telling print to print four items.
We've got the two variable names - name
and age - followed by the string Python
and the int literal 2020. So I run the
program - we get the four values printed out.
The print function interprets that
as four separate variables. Remember that
print allows us to provide multiple
arguments to be printed. What if we
wanted that to be a tuple, instead of
four separate values. In that case,
we have to use parentheses. So I'm gonna come up
here. So l'm gonna duplicate line 4 there,
and on line 5, now, I'm going to add
parentheses around our four objects,
like so, and now if we run it,
we can see the difference there. Line 5
results in a single value - a tuple - being printed.
So parentheses must be used, when you
pass a tuple literal as an argument to a function.
Well in the next few videos, we'll look
at why they are useful, and also see some
more things you can do with them.
See you in the next video